# apriltag-pose

Pose estimation using AprilTag.

1. Development environment

* Ubuntu 14.04 64-bit (MacOS should also work, if you know how to configure it)
* GCC >= 4.8.4

2. Install dependencies

* Building tools, Git, CMake
```
$ sudo apt-get install build-essential
$ sudo apt-get install git
$ sudo apt-get install cmake
```

* OpenCV
```
$ sudo apt-get install libopencv-dev
```
3. Compile

* Clone source code from GitHub, assume your workspace is located at: ~/Workspace
```
$ cd ~/Workspace
$ git clone https://github.com/rxdu/apriltag-pose.git
```

* Build from terminal
```
$ cd ~/Workspace/apriltag-pose
$ mkdir build
$ cd build
$ cmake ../src
$ make
```

The "cmake" command checks if all dependencies are met and generates proper variables for the compiler so that all dependent header files and library files can be found during the compiling and linking process. CMakeLists.txt at different levels are specified by users to tell what cmake needs to check and generate. The command "cmake ../src" will generate a makefile for the project located at "../src" folder. ".." means the parent directory of the current directory.

The "makefile" generated by "cmake" command serves as the recipe for the "make" command. Executing "make" actually compiles the source code into executables and libraries.

You should see no error messages after executing "cmake". Otherwise you need to fix the issues before trying to execute "make" command.

4. Use Eclipse with the Project

To generate project configurations for Eclipse, you need to pass in additional arguments to the "cmake" command.

```
$ cmake -G"Eclipse CDT4 - Unix Makefiles" ../src
```

If you want to compile code with Debug symbols, use the following command

```
$ $ cmake -G"Eclipse CDT4 - Unix Makefiles" -D CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug ../src
```
